# TopicDetectionInImages
---
# **Section 1**

---

I selected 4 countries in order to obtain as much information as possible for analysis.
The main state I have focused on is **Mississippi** and the other states are Chicago, Connecticut and Georgia.
The goal is to analyze and describe the sequence of events that took place in the chosen country following the reversal of the ruling of Row v. Wade
---
**My solution to the problem described is:**

🔹 Search for information on the Twitter network in the date range from 24/6/2022 to the present day with various search queries containing keywords regarding the cancellation of Rowe's judgment against Wade and the names of the countries I have chosen.

🔹 Organization of the information for a different dataset - each for a particular country with all the tweets found in the requested date range.

🔹 For each data set of a country I did the following:

* I created a dictionary where the keys are all the dates..and the value for each date is the most common word mentioned on this date.
* Then I created a DF of events and dates - each event is one tweet selected and contains the most common words for a particular date out of all the tweets on that date. For that tweet, I made a summary so that the event would be as concise and concise as possible.

🔹 I represented the different events that were discovered concerning the dates in 3 different ways:

 1️⃣	 Create a visual timeline of events for each country individually.

2️⃣ Create a graph depicting the change of events concerning the change of dates in each country.

3️⃣ Creates a summary map of all the dates - showing for each date in which countries certain events have taken place related to the reversal of the ruling against Roe v. Wade.

---
# **Section 2**
---

The goal is to analyze the activities of the party and the Knesset member over the past year through social networks or articles.
But despite the attempts, the results seemed less satisfactory because of the "dirty" information structure of tweets. In addition, the tweets are in the Hebrew language and there are not enough models that are well trained in the Hebrew language.
After this attempt, I extracted news correspondence information using the Google API but got minimal information in terms of dates because it is a limited API.
But at the same time, the results seemed satisfactory and logical.
---
**My solution to the problem described is:**

***First attempt:***

1️⃣ Download tweets from Twitter for the last month (API is restricted and does not return results for older dates)

2️⃣ Identify issues using a BertTopic model

3️⃣ Visual presentation in different ways of the identified topics
After realizing that the results were less quality, I switched to the following experiment:

***Second attempt:***

1️⃣ Download articles from Google (limited in the number of repeated results)

2️⃣ Create an orderly DF of the returned results concerning the dates of the articles.

3️⃣ Training the information from the articles using BertTopic model for identifying topics

4️⃣ Present the events identified from the articles visually.

---
# **Section 3**

---

The goal is to download images generated by the DALLE2 algorithm and then check for the database we collected whether it is possible to check the type of images
That is, try to categorize the images according to different topics.

**My solution to the problem described is:**

1️⃣ I downloaded from various sources in Google images generated by the DALLE2 algorithm


2️⃣ I created an image database using Turicreate

3️⃣ I used the "yolo.h5" model to identify objects in images

4️⃣ I have filtered objects whose probability of correctness is below 50%

5️⃣ For each image in which more than one object was identified, I combined the names of the objects into one subject

6️⃣ I created a dictionary of all the topics identified so that the value of each topic would be all the pictures belonging to the same topic

7️⃣ I created a GIF of all the images under the same particular theme.
